Migration Guide updates (#3818)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/migration-guide.rst

- If you were previously importing the ``Button`` or ``Element`` classes from
  ``rasa_core.dispatcher``, these are now to be imported from ``rasa_sdk.utils``.

> - The NLU and Core used `separate configuration files 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rasa NLU and Core previously used `separate configuration files 
```

  <https://legacy-docs.rasa.com/docs/nlu/0.15.1/migrations/?&_ga=2.218966814.608734414.1560704810-314462423.1543594887#id1>`.

>   These two files should be merged into a single file that is passed via the `--config` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  These two files should be merged into a single file either named ``config.yml``, or passed via the ``--config`` parameter.
```
